martín a presentation of a model
personalized with a name that makes for
the place where we are and that I am going to
to say what he explains is that he does the
difference between success and failure
the goal is not so good the truth is that
a direct association is not for a
side even the platforms the passion
of football the passion for driving and
cars and good and what better to take advantage
our sponsorship with the selection
national football that have facing the
global 2014 a product like the goal with
this name that the maximum expression
let's say joy in this sport is
opportunity so it's like that
Y
has basically aesthetic details in
terms of equipment regarding
comfort and safety the vehicle
let's say it keeps the 1.6 engine from being
a horse comes with the steering wheel
multifunction logically with double
But sometimes to this equipment
normal that comes from the vehicle in this
case has some details both
exteriors as interiors that give you
this profile a little more sportier more
related to sport has some
15 new alloy wheels
inches that give you this look
also quite sporty has the
repeated mirrors in color
black the rear spoiler coated in
black color also logically in the
side has a sticker plotter with
the name let's say of the model with the
word cab with the number 10 in the
tailgate also has as a
bump an identification a logo
the Argentine flag also very subtle and
in what is internal has the interior
of roof also coated black has
an aluminum footstool typical of a
sport vehicle
remarkable inside is a new
Upholstered upholstery that not only grants
more more comfort but really from
the aesthetic point of view what
they differentiate how many units are going to
build of this vehicle and when will it
be available a sale we have
thought to produce 2,000 units is a
important number not for goal let's say
but it is an important number in
terms of limited editions and the
vehicle probably starts at
invoice from the month of April with
which towards the second fortnight of
April will be available the
official dealers
I believe that to close this note both
we have something to be desired
I particularly wish you all that
with the goal make a goal and that Argentina
in a lot of goals also not the
true that it would be a dream for everyone with
which hopefully this is the clue
let's say a good sign for the
World Cup in Brazil and that success has
had the goal in the Argentine market and
that continues to be transmitted from
some way to our players and
have at least a good performance
there
and